#	What are my learning goals?<br><br>

-	I want to create something more interesting than funny – something that I would like to use myself & find it can actually help with something, not just be fun and nice to use. Don’t get me wrong I’ll more than probably slip a joke or two in there (bad puns yay), but the main goal is to do something good. Measurably, it would be a network with more pages than puns. Let’s not hold our breath though.<br>
(**NEAR-SUMMATIVE EDIT:** SUCCESS! The serious-game is strong in this one! Although all is not done yet, and I will more than probably add puns to it (who am I kidding. I already have a list of fitness-based puns), the network is actually based on an interesting idea and I’m really happy about it!!! Woop woop!)
<br><br>
-	We said we only had to build a prototype, my goal is to make it as thorough as possible – with code if needed. Coding is one of my strength, at least on this level, so I want to use that as much as I can to have a working moqup website by the end of the project. Something that only misses complex functionalities and actual users. (As counter example, see previous “What The Fuck Should I Watch” app. Modesty aside, that idea was great, but boy was I lacking both the time and the capabilities to make it as good as I wanted it. Mark my word, this project will not crash or only allow you to click on one thing.)<br>
(**NEAR-SUMMATIVE EDIT**: Hell yeah. Let’s put this one in the success column! Even if I cannot put into working wireframes some of the functionalities (see dragging work-outs and the buddying up system), the general wireframe *is* clickable throughout and actually nice to use. You go Margot!)

-	I want to be able to develop this project properly, even if we are stopping at a prototype – to do the proper research work, involving idea maps, competitor analysis, moqups & user testing. I feel like going through all those steps will allow me to end up with a more defined and thought through project that those I have done before. <br>Also, one of my big issue in work and life generally speaking is procrastination and generally not doing things until the very (very) last moment by fear of failing at them (funny how this works. This is literally the lamest anxiety mechanism ever. I want stuff to be great, but I’m afraid it won’t be, so I don’t do anything until it’s actually too late to make something as great as I wanted. Fail. I stg brains are the weirdest). Anyways, I think that to have “checkpoints” with very specific tasks will help with that, and give me motivation and security through the whole process. As in, every “checkpoint” is necessary, but not majorly important, so it doesn’t stress me out as much (let’s hope), and I’ll probably end up with a lot of material to finalize the project.<br> 
(**NEAR-SUMMATIVE EDIT:** The summative is now one week away and although I want to congratulate my past self on the optimism (good job past-me, that’s the spirit!!), I have to admit I totally failed on the organization/do-not-procrastinate-this-big-ass-project bit and am now completely panicking when I think about the amount of stuff I have left to do. Booh Margot. You’ll do better next time)
Let’s get to it yaah!
